Add Convention Develocity Maven extension (#636)
gradle/develocity-build-config-samples: gradle-enterprise-conventions-maven-extension/README.md

Author: This still needs to be written

# Example Gradle Enterprise Conventions Maven Extension

This project demonstrates how to share a common Gradle Enterprise configuration across multiple Maven projects. It is intended to serve as a starting point for creating your own extension to apply your specific Gradle Enterprise configuration.

## Usage

* Create your own copy of the `extension` project
* Address all `todo` comments
    * Update the `groupId` and `artifactId` in the [POM](extension/pom.xml) file
    * Update the package containing source files
    * Update `isCi` in [CiUtils.java](extension/src/main/java/com/example/CiUtils.java) and the CI checks in the [Gradle Enterprise configuration](extension/.mvn/gradle-enterprise.xml) to properly detect your CI environment
    * Update the server URL to your own Gradle Enterprise instance in the [Gradle Enterprise configuration](extension/.mvn/gradle-enterprise.xml) and [CustomGradleEnterpriseConfig.java](extension/src/main/java/com/example/CustomGradleEnterpriseConfig.java)
* Add any common tags, links, or values to [CustomGradleEnterpriseConfig.java](extension/src/main/java/com/example/CustomGradleEnterpriseConfig.java)

> * Deploy the extension to your own artifact repository

Reviewer: Can maven extensions also be fetched from custom artifact repositories? Or do they only fetch from Maven central? I don't know the answer here but I am wondering since maven extensions are loaded possibly before artifact repositories can be set.

Author: I ran a test where I cleared maven local, deployed to a non-maven local file repo, and it was able to resolve from there when I declared that directory as a repository.

It seems to respect the repository definitions in the POM file and resolve extensions from those. It's hinted at in [this documentation](https://maven.apache.org/configure.html#mvn-extensions-xml-file). I do think it would be good to be explicit about that in this README.

Reviewer 2: We should do a full e2e test of this using a real repository. I wonder if we could publish to https://repo.grdev.net/ for a test. I have had one customer report problems with this. But I have another customer who hasn't.

Author: I originally verified this with an OSS repository manager, [Archiva](https://archiva.apache.org/), which appears to now be retired.

Reviewer 2: I think we should be okay. After refreshing my memory on the reported issue, it's a result of not mirroring Maven Central. That's already mentioned in the README.

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<extensions xmlns="http://maven.apache.org/EXTENSIONS/1.0.0" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
            xsi:schemaLocation="http://maven.apache.org/EXTENSIONS/1.0.0 http://maven.apache.org/xsd/core-extensions-1.0.0.xsd">
  <extension>
    <groupId>com.example</groupId>
    <artifactId>gradle-enterprise-conventions-maven-extension</artifactId>
    <version>0.1.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
  </extension>
</extensions>
```

## Contents

This project contains the following:

* `extension` - Contains the example convention extension that applies and configures Gradle Enterprise on projects
* `example-builds` - A set of example builds that apply the convention extension for various Maven versions

### Running the example builds

Before running the example builds, publish the two example Gradle plugins to your local Maven repository:

```bash
cd extension
./mvnw clean install
```

Once the extension is published, then you can run the example builds under `example-builds` using the Maven wrapper:

```bash
cd example-builds/maven_3.9.x
./mvnw clean install
```

> ## Differences with the Common Custom User Data Gradle plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Differences with the Common Custom User Data Maven extension
```
